Fix with-preact to be defined as commonjs (#834)
frontity/frontity: .changeset/shaggy-laws-sniff.md

---

> "@frontity/with-preact": minor
> ---
> 
> with-preact is not usually transpiled when is part of the node_modules so the config file should be defined as commonjs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@frontity/with-preact": patch
---

Use `commonjs` in the `frontity.config.js` file until we add support for modules.
```
